docs: Update component structure and storybook documentation (#8969)
linode/manager: docs/development-guide/04-component-library.md

A Composition of Core Styles, Elements, and Components that defines a verticle slice of functionality. An example of a Feature is the Payment Method Row it combines Components, Elements, and Core Styles like Buttons, Action Menus, Icons, Typography, etc.

#### Best Practices
Our stories are in the process of being updated to the latest Storybook 7.0 format.

> We currently use MDX both for documentation and for defining stories in the same .stories.mdx file. However, Storybook has deprecated this functionality and plan to remove it in a future version of Storybook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently use MDX both for documentation and for defining stories in the same `.stories.mdx` file. However, Storybook has deprecated this functionality and we plan to remove it in a future version of Storybook.
```

> As we begin to move away from the MDX formatPlease refer to their [documentation](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/writing-docs/introduction) for how to write stories in the CSF format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we begin to move away from the MDX format, please refer to Storybook's  [documentation](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/writing-docs/introduction) for how to write stories in the CSF format.
```
